# AutoSDA Platform

### Recent updates about AutoSDA:

May 1, 2021: AutoSDA now has been updated to generate the design using non-RBS connection or without using doubler plate. If you are interested in this most recent beta version, please email me.



-----------------------------

### Reference:

[1] Guan, X., Burton, V., Sabol, T. (2020). Python-based computational platform to automate seismic design, nonlinear structural model construction and analysis of steel moment resisting frames. Engineering Structures, 224, 111199.

### Prerequisites:

Python: version 3.6 or above.

Necessary Python packages: copy, numpy, pandas, os, scipy, sys, shutil, pathlib, re, time, pickle

OpenSees (https://opensees.berkeley.edu/) installed as an environment variable.

### Where are inputs located:

The inputs relating to the building itself is stored in the following location:

*./AutoSDAPlatform/BuildingData/Building_0*

The parameters that control the design process are defined in global_variable.py file.

### How to run the AutoSDA platform

The user could run the *main_program.py* file to perform an automated seismic design, nonlinear model construction, and nonlinear analysis for a steel frame building.

If the user wants to perform seismic design only, please run *main_design.py* file.

If the user already obtained design results using *main_design.py* file and wants to construct nonlinear model, please run main_generation.py file.

### Where are outputs located:

Building design is stored in *./AutoSDAPlatform/BuildingData/Building_0*

Nonlinear model is stored in *./AutoSDA/BuildingNonlinearModels/Building_0*

### What does the user need to input/change for a new building case?

The user needs to create a new folder named as “*Building_x*” (x should be replaced with any integer) under *./AutoSDA/BuildingData/BuildingData* folder and then enter necessary information in four .csv files. The explanations for each input could be found in the following file:

*./AutoSDA_v2/BuildingData/ReadMe.txt*

The user could adjust some coefficients, such as the moment of inertia ratio between the exterior and interior columns and the plastic section modulus ratio between the beam and interior column, in *global_variable.py* file. Explanations for those parameters are provided as comments in the file.

### What is each folder used for?

*.idea*: Generated by Pycharm (an IDE for Python). The user does not need to change the content of this folder.

*BaselineTclFiles*: The folder includes some baseline .tcl files for OpenSees model construction. The user does not need to change the content of this folder.

*BuildingData*: The design input and output information will be saved under this folder. The user needs to enter inputs in this folder.

*BuildingElasticModels*: The elastic models used to perform the seismic design are saved in this folder. The elastic model is automatically created by the AutoSAD platform.

*BuildingNonlinearModels*: The nonlinear structural models constructed by the AutoSAD platform are saved here.

*Postprocessing*: Some MATLAB files that could be used to plot pushover curve or extract EDPs from dynamic analysis.

*Preprocessing*: The python codes relating to preprocessing the electronic steel section database is stored here. The user does not need to access to this folder.

### If you want to evaluate an existing design:

Put the existing design member sizes into *./BuildingData/Evaluate_1/TrialMemberSize.csv* and *run evaluate_design_only.py* file. The evaluation results will be displayed in the terminal window.

See *./BuildingData/Evaluate_1/* for the example.

### Any questions or suggestion:

Send an email to: guanxingquan@ucla.edu